Add release notes for 2.2.0 (#6525)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## 2.2.0

### Exciting New Features 🎉
* Added automatic detection of static arguments to `Task.map` in #6513

> * Using new orion-design flow-run-filter composition in #6483

Reviewer: What does this mean to a user? Verb doesn't match other format.

Author: Looking closer at that PR it looks like it was actually just some code reorganization, so I just removed the bullet.

### Fixes
* Updated deployment flow run retry settings with runtime values in #6489
* Updated media queries for flow-run-filter in #6484
* Added `empirical_policy` to flow run update route in #6486
* Updated flow run policy retry settings to be nullable in #6488

> * Disallowed extra attribute initialization on Deployments in #6505

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disallowed extra attribute initialization on `Deployment` objects in #6505
```

* Updated `deployment build` to raise an informative error if two infrastructure configs are provided in #6504
* Fixed calling async subflows from sync parents in #6514

### Documentation
* Removed references to 2.0.5 in #6473
* Updated deployment concepts to reflect changes in 2.1.1 in #6490
* Fixed typos in blocks.md in #6508
* Fixed typos in README in #6498

> * Moved registering blocks to its own heading in #6512

Reviewer: I'd omit these generally
